the truth
few times in broad daylight and in a
we are witnesses of great transit
an intervention like that was the shooting
starring between police and
delinquents that thwarted the assault of a
large booty to a businessman not
identified
in this way the central highway towards
there
the data was accurate criminals
I was still bad wine
Y
where the shooting occurred and there were three
dead
but how is it that the police get
such degree of accuracy the data to give
the big blow to these criminals the
National Police of Peru for actions
of intelligence was aware that
was going to commit a crime in the
central road was made the
planning the respective and coordinated
with the swat staff organizing us in
four teams that we were this at
along the main road from the
Santa Anita Bridge to the town
of art the police have their informants
the information is analyzed is processed and
it becomes intelligence and the
intelligence is important for
disrupt this type of organizations
criminals
of 25 men from the unit
intelligence in the income have armed
until the teeth had a single
aim to catch the brands with what
there was shooting three criminals
they died as a result of the confrontation
this video obtained exclusively shows
moments after the shooting
we have a great disadvantage with
the criminals that we have
that the law we fulfill the law
delinquents have no regard
they shoot in the mansalva where it is like that
that the intervention has been fast and
Effective mainly by staff
Shuar and the staff of the Directorate
national police
people were intervened in that
moment they were all suspicious as the
Mechanic Arming France Lopez Case
the carriers
celebrating although Salomé Pascual Jiménez
alvarado and rafael jiménez cayupi that
circumstantially transited through
place
it's more with my brothers
the citizenship must also know
understand that the police have to do
his work and these criminals that
They are in the streets is often
because you are on the street you think of
that you should not act the police have
that act there have been three
citizens that the police have already chosen
for leaving them free but we're going to
listen to one of them who wants
denounce it but they have to understand
have to we have to understand that
we are on the street and you do not know
who is who at the time of a
operation of this nature in the middle of
this situation agents of the gentle
They carried out a spectacular search
to find two criminals in one
clothing store combed the four floors
of the establishment
the police managed to seize a minibus and
three revolvers and a gun in addition to
balaclava and communication equipment
the deceased were identified as
luis walter moore or mejía augusto
williams gamonal salinas and juan alberto
valverde morals all register
antecedents for aggravated robbery who
usually when they see that their
situation is endangered when they see that the
specialized unit or staff
police are already approaching and are
close they react in a way in
this violent case makes traction use
their firearms then we
we have to see them forced to have
also that using firearms to
repelling those attacks is to that aggression
the detainees are alberto jump high of
28 years old
Luis Enrique M'hija Linares 36
anthony inda urtiaga and josué saucedo
jaimes both 23 years record
antecedents criminal congresses of Lima
the responsibility of the judges is
greater to understand that no
they must give prison benefits to
these people for that requires a
legal framework if it was presented in the
congress if it is approved not because
unfortunately in the congress that is
a political house that is a forum
political where the debates are very
extensive bills
cut and sometimes come out
frankensteins and is very badly used by
sometimes judges who are products in what
the year the robbery division of
the national police has achieved
dismantle 92 criminal gangs
30 assaults frustrated a lot of
armament seized in addition 492 subjects
detainees it is recommended that the
citizenship all those who go to
perform transactions this financial not
carry cash you can make
a series of procedures with the entities
financial via cards or checks
this
and that bank but try to avoid
transporting cash is
important to work in a team because that
allows us first to be
get the information evaluated that
information is processed and already the units
operative as the case we can
work more or less coordinated
and be able to fully fulfill the mission
that they also brands are at
ambush waiting to get
information sometimes by people
close
be careful, be careful
inside a bank can be
watching him avoid being a victim anymore
of crime
it is true that there were several
detainees who were finally innocent
but we must not fail to highlight the
work that I have done in this case the
luck that will surely serve in
later cases you also have to
congratulate them from here of course